yeah so let's play haja noreen instead
oh my god holy is that man o'war it
might be I don't know whoever they are
they look metal as hell yeah they are
metal as hell and they have Gigan pig
noses okay let's see uh my name is son I
am son the warrior oh no we're attacked
bay creature
it even asks some real metal background
riffs just listen to that it even sounds
like a Manowar song
today is an L yeah this is basically
quintessential 80s it is wow this is
amazing just listen to that music it's
amazing
and now the king sends us off to slay
some creature or otherwise suspects oh
no way man run away run away
let's see we can't enter the forest and
Oh a gigantic wall I didn't expect that
oh it's a troll Lord but dinosaur I
don't know well that is I don't I don't
know either that looks really weird oh
god it hits like a truck though
let's run away and see if we can't find
something smaller and more easy to kill
oh it's so cute let's kill it I suspect
that I am about to die I would rule
prize I lucked out I got the first hit
the king is not happy with my progress
apparently let's see i have three yes
and 1d and i am handsome as hell just
try out these buttons in surprise will
suspect this is the inventory maybe
what's the bottom option whoa oh hey I
can save my game and everything it is
great and by looks of it yeah it even
has a game restored function Wow
this is this was actually a really rap
game it's just too bad I have no idea
what's going on whatsoever huh but
everyone that was a Manowar the RPG I
sincerely hope there isn't there is a
english version of this because I will
play the hell out of that on the strain